feat: :package: add separated chart for CRDs (#1223)
traefik/traefik-helm-chart: README.md

| Chart v23.0.0 and above |  [x]                        | [x]                    |
| Chart v28.0.0 and above |                             | [x]                    |

> ### Deploying

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Deploying
```

> #### The standard way

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### The standard way
```

helm install -f myvalues.yaml traefik traefik/traefik
```

> #### With additional CRDs chart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### With additional CRDs chart
```

```bash
helm install traefik-crds traefik/traefik-crds
helm install traefik traefik/traefik --skip-crds
helm list # should display two charts installed
```

## Upgrading

One can check what has changed in the [Changelog](./traefik/Changelog.md).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

New major version indicates that there is an incompatible breaking change.
```

```

> [!WARNING]
> When upgrading from standard installation to the one with additional CRDs chart,
> you **have** to change ownership on CRDs **before** installing CRDs chart

```bash
kubectl get customresourcedefinitions.apiextensions.k8s.io -o name | grep traefik.io | xargs kubectl patch --type='json' -p='[{"op": "add", "path": "/metadata/labels", "value": {"app.kubernetes.io/managed-by":"Helm"}},{"op": "add", "path": "/metadata/annotations/meta.helm.sh~1release-name", "value":"traefik-crds"},{"op": "add", "path": "/metadata/annotations/meta.helm.sh~1release-namespace", "value":"traefik-crds"}]'
# If you use gateway API, you might also want to change Gateway API ownership
kubectl get customresourcedefinitions.apiextensions.k8s.io -o name | grep gateway.networking.k8s.io | xargs kubectl patch --type='json' -p='[{"op": "add", "path": "/metadata/labels", "value": {"app.kubernetes.io/managed-by":"Helm"}},{"op": "add", "path": "/metadata/annotations/meta.helm.sh~1release-name", "value":"traefik-crds"},{"op": "add", "path": "/metadata/annotations/meta.helm.sh~1release-namespace", "value":"traefik"}]'
helm install traefik-crds traefik/traefik-crds
```

> New major version indicates that there is an incompatible breaking change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

helm upgrade traefik traefik/traefik
```

> [!WARNING]

> > If you want to upgrade from a standard installation to a CRDs chart powered one,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When upgrading from standard installation to the one with additional CRD chart,
```

> you **have** to change ownership on CRDs **before** installing CRDs chart

```bash
kubectl get customresourcedefinitions.apiextensions.k8s.io -o name | grep traefik.io | xargs kubectl patch --type='json' -p='[{"op": "add", "path": "/metadata/labels", "value": {"app.kubernetes.io/managed-by":"Helm"}},{"op": "add", "path": "/metadata/annotations/meta.helm.sh~1release-name", "value":"traefik-crds"},{"op": "add", "path": "/metadata/annotations/meta.helm.sh~1release-namespace", "value":"traefik-crds"}]'
# If you use gateway API, you might also want to change Gateway API ownership
kubectl get customresourcedefinitions.apiextensions.k8s.io -o name | grep gateway.networking.k8s.io | xargs kubectl patch --type='json' -p='[{"op": "add", "path": "/metadata/labels", "value": {"app.kubernetes.io/managed-by":"Helm"}},{"op": "add", "path": "/metadata/annotations/meta.helm.sh~1release-name", "value":"traefik-crds"},{"op": "add", "path": "/metadata/annotations/meta.helm.sh~1release-namespace", "value":"traefik"}]'
helm install traefik-crds traefik/traefik-crds
```

New major version indicates that there is an incompatible breaking change.

> ### A CRDs chart powered installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### With additional CRDs chart
```

```bash
# Update repository
helm repo update
# See current Chart & Traefik version
helm search repo traefik/traefik
# Update CRDs (Traefik Proxy v3 CRDs)
helm upgrade traefik-crds traefik/traefik
# Upgrade Traefik
helm upgrade traefik traefik/traefik
```

> To upgrade from an already installed chart:
> ```bash
> # Update repository
> helm repo update
> # Change CRDs ownership
> # Upgrade Traefik
> helm install traefik-crds traefik/traefik-crds -n traefik
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion
````
